This is a boot camp project in which my partner Denny and I were tasked with setting up a RESTful API server and command-line application that communicated with the server using HTTP endpoints. The application is a playful copycat of a popular money sharing app. Users can send or request "TE Bucks" from other users. We decided that I would work on the server side while Denny worked on the client, and toward the end of the project I also contributed to the client code. The total time frame for this project was 5 days.

The server API was built using Spring Boot in Java and modeled around an MCV design pattern. The controller provides endpoints to the client (the view) so that information can be requested, pulled from the database, modeled, and delivered to the client. The database is a relational database in PostgreSQL. When the server controller receives an HTTP request at a given endpoint, a method is called in the DAO that validates the request and, if appropriate, processes a PostgreSQL database query. The data is then modeled as an object before being serialized (by Jackson) and returned in an HTTP response to the client by the controller. All PostgreSQL queries are parameterized to protect from SQL injections! The server also verifies authentication and authorization of the logged in user prior to processing requests using a JSON web token.

The client is a basic command-line application that provides the user with menus and asks for input from the user. The client only validates that the user input is the appropriate data type before sending requests to the server. By handling all other validation on the server, we prevent users from bypassing the client (by using Postman, for example) and either tampering with the database or stealing Bucks.

Denny and I were able to complete the required and optional use cases in the project, presented our application to an instructor, and received a very positive code review. Some things that could be improved:
- While the server does ensure that the user attempting to send Bucks is the logged in user, there are some weaknesses in server side validation. Given more time, we would have done more testing and closed these holes in security.
- The server-side code could have been better organized - all DAO methods for users, sending Bucks, and requesting Bucks are found in a single class. Given more time, the server DAO code could have been organized into appropriate classes.
